Shill To Earn Platform


After implementing our shill 2 earn marketing model we have seen amazing results. Below is our
current entry results which have been increasing exponentially.
Entries Per day:
- Day 1: 48
- Day 2: 271
- Day 3: 370
- Day 4: 557
- Day 5: 822


We believe that S2E marketing is the future of crypto, and that many projects will be attempting
to implement this model, and by creating the first platform we will establish $NWO long term in
the crypto space.
Currently we are using sweepwidget to host these competitions, but it is lacking several key
features. The first is the ability to easily reply to tweets. Right now we have users having to copy
and paste links of tweets, and then submit the link of their reply. The second is it is difficult to
reach a large amount of shillers since the only place they can find our sweepwidget is on our
telegram group page or twitter page.
To solve these problems we are going to create a Shill 2 Earn platform built by crypto
enthusiasts, for crypto users. To benefit $NWO, when a project starts a campaign on our dApp
they will have 2 options as payment for using our platform.


Payment Options:
- Hold a certain amount of $NWO (Verified by connecting your wallet)
- This will be the better option for projects looking to use S2E as a long term
campaign,
- The more $NWO you hold, the more replies, likes, and retweets you can use for
your campaign
- Choose to be taxed a percentage of the prize offered for the shill to earn.
- This option will appeal to projects looking to test out our services before
purchasing $NWO for a longer campaign.
- This option will be limited to the amount of replies, likes, and retweets you can use
We will also require each campaign to have one tweet about our platform and/or coin.


Benefits projects will gain by using our platform:
Projects will benefit by having an easy to understand way to implement a shill 2 earn marketing
model. As our project grows the number of users completing our S2E’s will grow, and users who
are looking to make some easy money will be constantly checking our dApp to see new
campaigns. Our home page will have a list of projects currently hosting an S2E campaign, so
that their project will be showcased. Shillers will constantly be checking this list, and when a
new project appears they will have to learn about the project to be able to post authentic and
original shill posts to win the prizes. By using our platform you will not only have an easy way to
implement an S2E marketing model, but you will also have an army of thirsty shillers ready to try
and make some money.


Creating a campaign:
When a new project wants to create a campaign on our platform they will have to connect their
wallet. This will verify if they are holding the required amount of $NWO to create unlimited
campaigns, or if they will be using the pay per use model. They then will be able to set the prize
and the amount of winners for their campaign. This will bring up a metamask transaction where
they will have to confirm it which will send this value of eth to our smart contract where it will
store the money until the end of the competition. The creator will be able to set the length of the
competition but we suggest doing daily campaigns to keep an active twitter presence. If they are
using the pay-per-use model it will charge an extra 10% which will go towards buybacks as well
as the $NWO dao. The owner of the campaign will then be able to add tweets they would like
users to either reply to, like, or retweet using specific tags and hashtags supplied by the
campaign creator.

Ending the campaign:
After the campaign has ended the campaign creator will receive a list of submissions to pick as
winners. They will checkmark all of the best shillers if they set up the contest as a best shilling
contest, or they can choose random winners instead. Winners will then be able to go onto our
platform and claim their prize if they have won.
This is just the litepaper, whitepaper with full utility/explanation will be finished soon
